I will help you.", "What must I do? " asked the girl.
"Kill the wicked Witch of the West," answered Oz
The author's object in compiling and publishing this book is to put before the public a work that will aid both the American and the Filipino in learning either English or Tagalog whichever the case might be.
There was a weak attempt at applause, but it died early.
The exercises began. A very little boy stood up and sheepishly recited, " You'd scarce expect one of my age to speak in public on the stage," etc.
"How eloquent!" "So true!" etc... and after the thing had closed with a peculiarly afflicting sermon the applause was enthusiastic.
The wind veered round to west-by-north.
More briskly blew the gale, And fast and faster fled the ship.
And lessened not her sail.
With hull and canvas sun-bedecked
THE extent to which the use of clocks and watches prevailed throughout Scotland during the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries cannot now be definitely ascertained.
This well-known firm was enabled by the skill and experience of its two partners (Thomas Reid and William Auld) to occupy a very high place in the art of horology in Edinburgh.
Otherwise, a differential equation may be formed between y and jj, instead of between p and Bx.
I had put in the last place amongst the general properties of matter.
Readers, would you like to go abroad, for just an hour or so, with little friends of different ages?
Three years ago their Mother died, and ever since has Father tried to give his children in the spring some tour, or treat, or pleasant thing.
Our children once on board, all safe and sound.
Watch with delight the busy scene around.
Charlotte Bronte received an invitation to Hathersage in June, 1845, from Ellen Nussey.
The Moor House of Jane Eyre was suggested by Moorseats, a house near Hathersage Vicarage, which Charlotte Bronte and Ellen Nussey probably visited.
It is not necessary to go into a detailed statement here of the general reasons which make desirable the use of the direct method in teaching beginners a foreign language.
In other words, correct speech is the result not so much of knowledge as of habit.
If anyone doubts the truth of this assertion, let him go to hear some public speaker and listen carefully for slips in grammar and in pronunciation.
His wife could not bear the loss of her husband, whom she loved so dearly, and in a few days she was dead.
Tommy had two shoes, but Margery went barefoot.
Their rich relations were too proud to notice them. But Mr. Smith, the clergyman of the village where the children were born, was not that sort of a man.
But to return to Goody Two Shoes.
Then she told all she had heard the men say while she was in the barn.
A choice of familiar dialogues and despoiled phrases, it was missing yet to studious Portuguese and Brazilian Youth;
Self-colored red mahogany, ruby, chestnut red, dark yellow, or white with these patches.
Red, yellow-brown, dirty yellow with moustaches, beard and eye lashes.
The smaller the better.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
I’m a living furnace.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Be careful with that butter knife.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
I want more detailed information.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Beard and cut some oysters into halves and put in a stewpan with their strained liquor.
Blanch six dozen oysters, trim and chop the meat into small pieces, put these into a saucepan with one-third the bulk of mushrooms cooked and cut into small pieces.
When the patties are cooked, lift the paste where the circle is marked, that being to form the covers, scoop out some of the paste and fill them with whatever has been prepared for them.
And Pocahontas came no more, but waited for his coming again,and waited in vain.
Powhatan mourned his daughter s loss, and tried to ransom her, but the crafty Argall would not give her up.
The women's dress of this period is familiar from the bevy of beauties associated with it at Hampton Court in neglige attire.
France, which country, during the early Middle Ages, was the literary and educational center of all Europe. 
The bird bit me after I took this photo.
You will open up a wonderful world of new experiences for yourself.
But, remember always, you must proceed step by step, perfecting yourself at each step before proceeding to the next.
You will, of course, understand that in all cases of long distance telepathic experiments there should be an understanding between the two persons.
The above definitive explanation of the term clairvoyance agrees with the idea of the best authorities, and distinguishes between the phenomena of clairvoyance and that of telepathy, on the one hand; and between the former and that of seeing apparitions, on the other hand. 
I personally, accept this distinction as both scientific in form, and as agreeing with the facts of the case.
You will, of course, see that the acceptance of the existence of the astral senses throws light on many obscure points about which the psychic researchers are in doubt, and reconciles many apparently opposing facts.
Again invading the realm of the "spirits,".
I would say that occultists know that many cases of so-called materialization of "spirit-forms" take place by reason of the unconscious projection of the astral body of the medium.
Moreover, such a projection of the astral body may take on the appearance of some departed soul, by reason of the mental picture of that person in the mind of the medium.
But, it may be asked if the medium has never seen the dead person, how can he or she make a mental picture of him or her.
The answer is that the minds of the persons present who knew the dead person tend to influence the appearance of the nebulous spirit form.
In fact, in most cases the medium is unable to produce the phenomenon without the psychic assistance of those in the circle.
In this case, also, I would say that the advanced occultist is able to duplicate the phenomena at will, as all who have enjoyed the privilege of close acquaintance with such persons are aware.
The experiments in syncopation practice with seven's against five's, together with the judgments passed by the observers in connection with hearing haphazard series. 
Point very strongly to the combination of a time-beating motor performance.
Such as tapping unitary pulses with the hand, and the syncopating hummed performance of the haphazard beats.
As the quickest means whereby an aggressively rhythmic observer can organize the series upon a basis capable of approximately accurate repetition.
Summer had come, and all the strong were bowed by the burden of the awful heat, and many of the weak were prostrate and dying.
For weeks the army had been wasting away with a plague of dysentery, that scourge of the soldier, and there was but little help.
The doctors were in despair; such efficacy as their drugs and their science had once had and it was not much at its best was a thing of the past, and promised to remain so.
The Emperor commanded the physicians of great est renown to appear before him for a consultation, for he was profoundly disturbed.
He was very severe with them, and called them to account for letting his soldiers die; and asked them if they knew their trade, or didn’t.
And were they properly healed, or merely assassins?
Then the principal assassin, who was also the oldest doctor in the land and the most venerable in appearance, answered and said…
We have done what we could, your Majesty, and for a good reason it has been little.
No medicine and no physician can cure that disease; only nature and a good constitution can do it.
Here follows what he told me…
A long time ago I was a young artist a very young artist, in fact and I wandered about the country parts of France, sketching here and sketching there, and was presently joined by a couple of darling young Frenchmen who were at the same kind of thing that I was doing.
We were as happy as we were poor, or as poor as we were happy to phrase it to suit yourself.
Claude Frre and Carl Boulanger these are the names of those boys; dear, dear fellows, and the sunniest spirits that ever laughed at poverty and had a noble good time in all weathers.
At last we ran hard aground in a Breton village, and an artist as poor as ourselves took us in and literally saved us from starving Francois Millet.
An accident that happened during the performance singularly lessened the joy I felt in my triumph.
I had borrowed a hat to make an omelette in.
Those who have seen this trick are aware that it is chiefly intended to produce a laugh, and that the object borrowed runs no risk.
I had got through the first part excellently, consisting in breaking the eggs, beating them, throwing in the salt and pepper, and pouring it all into the hat.
After this, I had to feign the frying of the omelette ; I placed a candle on the ground, then, holding the hat sufficiently high above it to escape the flame, I began turning it gently round, while making some of the stereotyped jokes adapted to the trick.
The public laughed so heartily and loudly that I could scarcely hear myself speak, but I could not suspect the cause of their hilarity.
Unfortunately, I detected it only too soon.
A strong scent of burning made me turn my eyes on the candle. I
It had gone out.
I then looked at the hat.
The crown was quite burned and stained.
I had kept on turning the hat round unsuspectingly, until I at length put it on the top of the candle and covered it with grease.
Quite dazed by this sight, I stopped, not knowing how to escape.
Fortunately for me, my alarm, though so truthful, was regarded as a well-played farce.
It was supposed this was only a heightened effect, and this confidence in my skill was an additional torture, for my supernatural power could not repair a hat.
My only chance was to gain time. 
So I continued the trick, with a tolerably easy air, and produced to the public a splendidly cooked omelette, which I had enough courage left to season with a few jokes.
Still, that quarter of an hour of which Kabelais speaks had arrived.
I must restore the hat, and publicly confess myself a clumsy blockhead.
I have mentioned this incident, because it both proves the renown my theatre enjoyed at that time, and reminds me of the commencement of one of the most agreeable acquaintances I ever made in my life.
From this moment I became, and have always remained, one of the intimate friends of the celebrated sculptor.
Before knowing him personally, like the majority of his admirers, I was unacquainted with his serious works, but when I was admitted to his studio, I could appreciate the full extent of his talent.
Dantan has in this room, arranged on enormous shelves, the most perfect collection of busts of contemporary celebrities, I do not think a single illustrious person of the age is missing.
Each is properly classified and arranged as in a museum. 
Monarchs and statesmen, less numerous than the others, are collected on one shelf; then come authors, musicians, singers, composers, physicians, warriors, dramatic artists — in a word, great men of every description and country.
But the most interesting thing in the gallery is that every bust is accompanied by its caricature, so that, after admiring the original, you laugh heartily at noticing all the comic details of the other.
On seeing these numberless heads, it is difficult to imagine that one man's life could suffice for such a toil.
Dantan, however, has a remarkable talent in catching the characteristic features of a face, and often enough he need only see a person once in order to produce an extraordinary likeness.
Witness the following fact, which I will cite as much for its singularity as because it bears an affinity, in some degree, to sleight of hand.
The adult when at work in his life calling is rarely free to devote time or energy beyond the necessities of his immediate action to the study of what he deals with.
The educative activities of childhood should be so arranged that direct interest in the activity and its outcome create a demand for attention to matters that have a more and more indirect and remote connection with the original activity.
The direct interest in carpentering or shop work should yield organically and gradually an interest in geometric and mechanical problems.
The interest in cooking should grow into an interest in chemical experimentation and in the physiology and hygiene of bodily growth."
The making of pictures should pass to an interest in the technique of representation and the aesthetics of appreciation, and so on.
This development is what the term go signifies in the maxim "go from the concrete to the abstract "
It represents the dynamic and truly educative factor of the process.
This greatly enraged Hamis, and in order to revenge himself he told Lukonge not to let the dhow go, and assured him that Smith had never paid for her.
So when the dhow was launched the king, one fine morning, made a raid upon our building-yard, and carried off the dhow's mast, rudder, and anchor.
Smith, who had now returned to Ukerewe, of course expostulated, and then it turned out that Songoro, contrary to his representations, had never paid Lukonge a farthing for the timber of the dhow, and had besides appropriated twenty-five dollars' worth of property which Smith had sent by him as a present for that monarch.
Songoro at first denied this, but it having been conclusively proved after a three days' discussion in Lukonge's presence, the latter professed himself thoroughly satisfied that Smith had acted fairly by him, and returned the mast, saying, however, that Songoro must pay him three frasila (105 Ibs.) of ivory for the wood which he had cut.
To this Songoro was obliged to agree, and left some slaves and other property as a pledge with Lukonge.
The dhow was then rigged and departed, with everything on board, for Kagei.
But on nearing that place a storm came on, and the bottom being bad, she dragged her anchor, drifted on to the rocks and became a total wreck.
William Nicoll, a cabinet maker, is the son of Alexander Nicoll, of Scotland, whose early lite was spent in the service of his country as a member of the Royal Artillery.
William was born in Kinross, Scotland, July 21, 1809, came to Canada in company with his father, when only five years of age, and has remained in America since then, with the exception of one or two short visits to his native land.
He came to Pittsford in 1839, married Sophronia, daughter of Luther Nourse, September 14, 1847, and located on what was a part of the Jirah Barlow estate.
The house he first occupied is now his cabinet shop, and he built his present house in 1860.
Hiram B. Chittenden of London, Mich, married Saloma Andrews, May 30, 1844, and located in the West, but returned to Pittsford, in 1847, and leased the Jeremiah Powers farm, or that part of it now owned by E. M. Bailey, for the term of five years.
At the expiration of this period he bought the Drury farm on which he resided till 1868, when he sold it to the heirs of Austin Andrews, and returned to the West where he now resides.
Aaron Nelson Loveland, son of Robert, was born in Pittsford, October 6, 1819, and married, February 18, 1847, Harriet E. Davis, of Chester, who was born November 14, 1824.
They reside on the Barnes farm,* which Mr. Loveland purchased of Thomas D. Hall.
He lias repaired the house and made many improvements on the farm.
Owing to an unusual influx of travellers, I, with the young lady under my charge (whom we will call D.)
Some other passengers of the outward- bound mail to India, had to take up our abode in a somewhat unfrequented hotel.
The room shared by Miss D. and myself was large, lofty, and gloomy; the furniture of the scantiest, consisting of two small beds.
Nearly in the middle of the room and not touching the walls at all, two or three rush-bottomed chairs, a very small washing-stand, and a large old-fashioned sofa of the settee-sort.
Which was placed against one- half of the large folding-doors which gave entrance to the room.
This settee was far too heavy to be removed, unless by two or three people.
The other half of the door was used for entrance, and faced the two beds.
Feeling rather desolate and strange, and Miss D. being a nervous person, I locked the door, and, taking out the key, put it under my pillow. 
Remarking that there might be a duplicate which could open the door from outside. 
I put a chair against the door, with my travelling-bag on it, so arranged that, on any pressure outside, one or both must fall on the bare floor, and make noise enough to rouse me.
We then proceeded to retire to bed, the one I had chosen being near the only window in the room, which opened with two glazed doors, almost to the floor.
These doors, on account of the heat, I left open, first assuring myself that no communication from the outside could be obtained. The window led on to a small balcony, which was isolated, and was three stories above the ground.
"I suddenly woke from a sound sleep with the impression that somebody had called me, and, sitting up in bed, to my unbounded astonishment.
By the clear light of early dawn coming in through the large window before-mentioned, I beheld the figure of an old and very valued friend whom I knew to be in England.
He appeared as if most eager to speak to me, and I addressed him with, ' Good gracious ! how did you come here?'
So clear was the figure, that I noted every detail of his dress. 
Even to three onyx shirt studs which he always wore. He seemed to come a step nearer to me, when he suddenly pointed across the room, and on my looking round. 
I saw Miss D. sitting up in her bed, gazing at the figure with every expression of terror.
On looking back, my friend seemed to shake his head, and retreated step by step, slowly, till he seemed to sink through that portion of the door where the settee stood.
I never knew what happened to me after this ; but my next remembrance is of bright sunshine pouring through the window.
Gradually the remembrance of what had happened came back to me, and the question arose in my mind, had I been dreaming, or had I seen a visitant from another world?
The bodily presence of my friend being utterly impossible.
I will illustrate my meaning by a modification of an analogy which I have elsewhere employed.
I compare our conscious existence to a barge floating down the Arve, where it flows side by side, but as yet unmingled with the Rhone.
The water round our keel is habitually turbid and opaque, but occasionally an inequality of river-bed, a clash of currents, swings us for a moment into the more pellucid Rhone.
The Rhone our unconscious self flows on as continuously as the Arve, but the barge enters it only by moments, and those moments may be determined by changes in the Rhone's bed as well as in the Arve's.
For the most part, the reef which raises breakers in the one stream will raise them in the other also ; and imminent death.
For instance, may jerk us into clairvoyance by a shock communicated at once to our conscious and to our unconscious being.
But there may also be crises which involve not so much a confusion of the normal life as an expansion or liberation of the supernormal. 
And when we become clairvoyant in deep sleep or the mesmeric trance this is because the turbid waters are running in a narrower channel, and the barge sways into the broadening current of the pellucid stream.
Again, there may be crises which are merely dissociative or disintegrant. 
Where the barge poises on the very boundary line between the two currents, and both streams of personality are manifested at once.
It is thus that I explain Mrs. Newnham's case.
There the intelligence which wrote the replies to unseen questions would seem to have consisted of an unconscious current of Mrs. Newnham's own existence, exercising supernormal percipience.
But dreamlike and incomplete in co-ordinating power.
And with Mrs. Newnham's case I should compare certain cases which bear, indeed, no plain resemblance thereto. 
And which Mr. Gurney has treated as almost obviously morbid and delusive, cases where the "double" of a living person has been seen together with that person him-self.
Take the most bizarre of these cases, that of Mrs. Hall, (No. 333) where, as a lady sits at table with three friends, her phantom semblance is seen, by herself and by all present, standing at the end of the sideboard.
Now the analogy between Mrs. Newnham and Mrs. Hall seems to me to be this; that in the compound personality of each of them the " critical point " of dissociation was reached (so to say) at a very low temperature.

